he yes so
highly
I will say that he is very perfect
very reliable on
southern just exactly right
enjoy here i am now
step by step we first one speed
somebody else then and everything on acceleration
you just show the principle here once hit
Inspection and disassembly speed she then
and then you secretly that is
Colonel like his work with him
talk and that's when i take
a gun and a girasole will take and vuitton
where I have already gone, I give it once without checking
chamber while work is slow
worked means we have a 4s result
full of seconds
disassembly-assembly I took the gun pulled
the store took off the fuse checked
the presence of the cartridge in the chamber took off
shutter put you
put a spring between the shutter and
store put the trigger guard
put my gun in its place
neatly lies why spring
put in the center because sometimes the table
it turns out with a tilt and spring just
rolls down so she doesn't fall
we put after that we do such
movement take a spring
do not rush to work look spring
this side because she is here a little bit
the diameter is not different i look like
I put on a spring
or just keep the gun on not myself
after that in one motion
lowered the bracket one-two-three-four
there is a sports disassembly again draw
attention this is done without ammunition on
competitions at all events who
faster there is a very great speed
big and we therefore try the chamber
don't even look 1 2
threw without looking poked clothed request
look
all now now I have been interrupted once
touched look and here someone slapped
constipated and come across on this river movement
and on the table and will not always agree
dollars are not always imposed as working time
let you down after 3 times since removed I can
immediately remove the spring and then beat off
here we will do an exercise called power
as it were on the couch and the shutter is a taurasi
on which everyone comes across
look carefully here I led
shutter his like the top while slammed
once again draw your attention as we
I work slowly but once
slammed shut and so did i take
recount one two three and removed if necessary i
I take the shutter then the cancer the nearer my hands
This place is more convenient for the body to work on
outstretched hands work extremely uncomfortable
want is already possible and